Strange
Why is my bone gone?
How can I ask for a consultation fee for him?
Can Doctor Fang treat my father's illness?
What a disease!
The old man's hands are upside down
Give him the 9 Quasi-Gangster Pills refined by the old man
It won't take a while
Will wake up
Dad?
Dad, you're awake
Dad, how are you feeling?
Dad feels now
refreshed
It's all right.
Thank you Doctor Fang
Thank you, Master Yu
Fang Shenyi's medicine cured the disease
It's just that Watteau is not worth mentioning in life
Sure enough, it's a citizen fishing generation
Uncle recovered
Is it related to you?
Strange.
The patient woke up is not the reason why I got sick
Is it because of you?
Doctor Fang, you are the uncle he cured
Give him all the credit
Are you satisfied?
Chu Tao is enough
My dad is seriously ill and needs to rest for the first time
To quarrel out
Chu Tao, this is Dad
This is Luming.
Ah, come on.
It's all about healing me
Lu Ming has an engagement with you
It's inevitable to want to show yourself
Don't be so fussy
Thank you to Dr. Yu Shao and Dr. Fang
I was discharged from the hospital today.
Take the two juniors back to do some personal business
Give gifts and thanks in person another day